{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16260\viewh6200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Why React? \
\
>In your own words, explain single-page applications and progressive web apps. \
\
A: Single-age applications (SPAs) are web applications that don\'92t require page loads when navigating between pages (most websites do require this). It is basically a single page application that only has one page! When using a SPA, the page does not fully reload as only the new data gets sent over while the user navigates through the application. After an initial page load, only the data that gets requested from the server (or sent to the server) gets sent over the network. Only data gets sent over, which decreases the time and bandwidth compared to constantly sending HTML. \
\
Progressive web apps (PWAs) help speed up development time. They are applications that load fast even when on a flaky network. Progressive web apps are experiences that combine the web and apps together. As the user builds a better relationship with the app over time (with more use), the user experience gets better. It sends relevant push notifications and loads as a full screen experience. \
\
\
>Either from your research or by inspecting popular sites you frequent (using Chrome DevTools), give some real-world examples of applications built with React and Angular. \
\
A:  Made with Angular: Sonic, USPS tracking page. Made with React: Facebook, codeAcademy\
\
>Write a summary of the benefits of React vs. Angular. \
\
A:  React is touted as easier to learn. You can start with a minimalistic approach, which means you are free to choose additional libraries based on your needs. React has many resources available- training, community support to help you learn it. The error messages are also clear and give explanations that help you solve the problem. Another benefit of React is JSX, which allows you to mix in some HTML code along with the JavaScript. React is based on reusable code, which can really help developers build on those, minimizing the need to write new code. Lastly, React uses a virtual DOM, so that you can make changes here first, before having those changes implemented in the real one. There is a minimum update time and helps improve performance and user experience. \
\
Angular on the other hand, can be more difficult to learn depending on your background. It does require you to learn more new concepts to get started, which can be a benefit or a con. It does provide more features out of the box, which can be convenient if you don\'92t want to sort through libraries to look for what you need. Angular supports Single Page Apps (SPAs), which helps improve user experience with faster loading times. Angular also supports declaring UI and markup directly in HTML, which helps keep presentation logic in one place. This allows the UI to be more clear and what the intent is; it seems to help improve readability of the code. }