{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18080\viewh4980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Working with Agile Teams\
\
>What are the typical agile team roles? \
\
A: Typical agile teams include a product manager (aka product owner) a project manager, designer, user researcher, team lead, and 1 or more developers. \
\
>What parts of the development lifecycle is each role responsible for?\
\
A: \
Product manager is responsible for strategy, roadmapping, and creating feature cards (to be added to the backlog). The product manager is also part of the review process and will help approve or reject work. \
\
The project manager is responsible for managing the process of the project, and is also going to be paying close attention to on-time delivery of the product. \
\
The designer is responsible for the look and feel of the product, will be the one to create the mock-ups. \
\
The user researcher looks at reasons behind behavior, wants, and needs of users. They are essentially \'93the voice of the user\'94 in the making of the product. \
\
The team lead is able to provide technical management. They can help with direction and the quality of the projects. \
\
The developer is responsible for the creation, maintenance and integrity of the product. This person is essentially responsible for all the code! \
\
>What is a kanban board?\
\
A: It is a way to stay organized with the agile team. It utilizes different columns in order to organize the status of all the \'93to do\'94 items in a project. \
\
>Why do we use a kanban board in agile development? \
\
A: Because there are so many \'93hands on deck\'94, it\'92s a way to keep everything organized and see who is working on what task throughout the development of a product. It allows everyone on the team to contribute to the board and see the status of each task and where it is in the pipeline, whether it be in the backlog (the rest of the team can see what the product manager might have come up with), or the work that\'92s in testing. \
\
>Explain velocity, sprint, user story, card, and agile as if you were teaching another student. Give a real world example for each. \
\
A: Velocity is the number of points per sprint a development team can complete. It\'92s an average and can even out with time as a team learns how to work together and estimate. \
A sprint is a time period for a part of project that can last anywhere from 1 to 4 weeks. The goal at the end of a sprint is to be able to release a functional piece of a product. A sprint usually includes meetings depending on the team\'92s needs, including discussions on prioritization, estimation, planning, review and retrospective. \
A user story can be written from a perspective of a user, a product owner or developer. it basically delivers the story for why the X product can fill a gab for the need written by a user. \
A card is the smallest unit of work that can be given as part of a project that will add value for the user. It includes estimation, user story, tasks, or any other relevant details related to the project. \
Agile is a method for product development. It relies on the rapid production of high quality software that aligns with the needs of users. Teams that are agile practice learning quickly, continuously integrate new ideas and delivery of product. \
\
>What format makes a good user story?\
\
A: \'93As a ____, I want ______, so ________\'94. This explains the need, the potential gap to filled, and the problem it would solve. \
\
>What elements should a card include?\
\
A: It should include an estimation, user story, tasks, and the project itself, or any other relevant details. \
\
>How does an idea go from conception to production?\
Ideas can go from conception to production in different ways. One trend happening right now in agile development is to follow the dual-track system, where teams work both on research and product design along with the development of a product concurrently. This way prevents either group from having to wait for he other to complete their work. Another way is for the agile team to take on on project at at time. Usually the product manager comes up with strategy and feature definition of a product or product line (conception), and it starts there. From there, the sprint cycle can begin. \
\
>Why do development teams use kanban boards?\
\
A: Because development teams are often cross-functional it make sense to use something like a kanban board in order to stay organized and know who\'92s working on specific tasks that will help complete the project. You can also set due dates, which helps keep everyone on the same page in terms of completion. \
\
>What is the purpose of estimation? \
\
A: Estimation is a value that\'92s related to the time and complexity of a task, so that the people responsible for them know what\'92s entailed. Estimation is held between the team lead and the developer team. The estimation will allow the team to set realistic goals for the sprint. The number of cards (along with their estimations) commits during a sprint then depend on the developers and their availability and velocity. \
\
>What is the sprint cycle? \
\
A: A sprint cycle is basically like a work flow cycle. It\'92s a time-limited period of work, approximately 1-4 weeks long. The goal of the sprint is to have a functional piece of the product. First, the product manager and the team lead will hold a meeting about prioritization. Then, the team lead along with the developer(s) will meet to task out and time assignments, basically figure out the logistics of the project. The next step is planning, where goals are actually set for the sprint based on the team velocity, developer availability, and the cards committed. Before the review is able to occur, the product manager should review all of the work that is ready to be deployed, and will either reject or approve the work that\'92s been done. Lastly, the retrospective stage gives the development team a chance to make changes to their process. \
\
>What could go wrong when estimating cards? How would you mitigate these risks? \
\
A: When estimating cards, there could be inaccurate estimations if the people responsible are unfamiliar with the tasks that are involved. They may not be able to estimate the time and effort truly needed in order to complete each card. One way to estimate well is to talk it out with the team, specifically members who throw out the outlier cards. They have the biggest difference in opinion, so I think it\'92s best to ask both on either end why they think it\'92s much easier than the person who thinks it will require more work. Discussion about the process and why each person estimates their scores (especially those who differ from the group) will help with better estimation. \
\
>Imagine you are looking to lease a new apartment. Write each card that would be in the apartment lease epic. Estimate each card. What columns would you need to have on your kanban board?\
\
A: Cards & their estimate (using T-shirt sizes- XXS, XS, S, M, L, XL, XXL) \
determine budget, S\
research potential locations/neighborhoods, XL\
schedule viewings, L\
choose an apartment, XL\
sign the lease. XS\
\
On my Kanban board, I will have columns for \'93To Do\'94 , \'93In progress\'94, and \'93Completed\'94. \
\
>Imagine you are creating a nursery for a new baby. Write each card that would be in this epic. Estimate each card. What columns would you need to have on your Kanban board? \
\
A: Cards and their estimate (using powers of 2)\
Pick theme and colors, 2 \
Paint the room, 6\
Purchase crib, 4\
Purchase changing table, 4\
Buy a comfy chair, 4\
Decorations, 4\
\
On the Kanban board, I would have \'93To Do\'94, \'93In progress\'94, and \'93Done\'94 \
\
>Imagine you are planning a vacation. Write each card that would be in this epic. Estimate each card. What columns would you need to have on your Kanban board? \
\
A: Cards and their estimate, using T-shirt sizes XXS, XS, S, M, L, XL, XXL\
Choose a destination, XS \
Choose dates to go, XS \
Book a flight, S\
Book a hotel, L\
Plan any activities or excursions, S\
Find a dog sitter, XS \
\
For this, I would also have \'93To do\'94, \'93in progress\'94, and \'93done\'94 . \
\
>What is an MVP? \
\
A: MVP = Minimal Viable Product. It\'92s a concept that stressed the impact of learning in new product development. You an produce an actual product that you can offer to customers (it could be something very minimal, such as a landing page), and you can see how they interact with it. By seeing WHAT people actually do with a product, you are getting more accurate information versus just asking them what they WOULD do. The advantage of this is that you can get an understanding of customers\'92 interest in the product without fully finishing it. You then are able to put in less effort and expense on completing a product that won\'92t succeed on the market. \
\
>Explain in your own words what a dual-track system is and what advantages it provides. \
\
A: A dual-track system allows for everyone to work on something without having to wait for the other team to finish; this is the advantage it provides. One team can work on the \'93discovery\'94, so the designer, user researcher, and the product owner can collaborate on this. The project manager, team lead, and the developer can work on the research and the delivery side of the product. \
\
####Project\
\
For my trello board, I chose to use T-shirt sizes as a way to rank complexity and size of each card. From least complex to most complex, XS to XL. For example, I think that choosing members to work on this team for the hacker news clone will be pretty easy as I\'92d just recruit members who are interested (gave XS). On the other hand, the features to be considered for the website I gave it an estimation of XL since this could be very involved amongst team members. The user researcher will need to be heavily involved in this card as we navigate which features to add to the site. Once that\'92s figured out, the designer will become very important as we design the actual chosen features. Lastly, the developer will need to create the idea. Many people will need to be involved in this card, so I think it\'92s a big piece to take on, hence the estimation of XL. The \'93pull news from other websites\'94 card was given a SM estimation because the developer will easily be able to do this task. \
}