{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 >Practice breaking it down! What are the steps involved in making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich? \
\
A: First, get your ingredients. You\'92ll need 2 slices of bread, peanut butter, jelly, and a knife. You will want to get a plate to put your sandwich on when it\'92s finished. Open the jar of peanut butter. Get a good amount on your knife and spread it on one slice of bread. Put it down. Then open the jar of jelly and pick up another slice of bread. You will want an equal amount of jelly on your knife in order to spread on the 2nd slice of bread. You will then put the 2 slices of bread together, with peanut butter and jelly facing each other. Put the sandwich on your plate and it\'92s ready to eat. \
\
> In our \'93Say Hi\'94 example, if the Say Hi part of the program never runs, how would you narrow down the problem? \
\
A: If Say Hi doesn\'92t work, I would go back to the previous step and see if the user button is working. If that is working, I would move back to the user name input to see if there is anything wrong in that function. In other words, I would just trace back the steps leading up to Say Hi. \
\
>What would the roadmap for narrowing down the Say Hi problem look like? \
\
A: Check user button \'97> check if User Name Input is functioning correctly\
\
>Create a problem-solving example using a roadmap and the process of elimination for narrowing down issues of your own. You already use this skill daily. Break down and explain a problem you solve in your every day life. \
\
A: For this example, let\'92s say I\'92ve lost my work badge. Normally my process to get my work badge is this: \
\
at home\'97> get in car \'97> find work badge in car (in side door) \'97> clip badge on before entering work\
\
In order to find my work badge I look for it at work- perhaps I\'92ve left it on my desk or in the office somewhere. If it\'92s not there, then I would look in the car for it- side door as well as all other compartments. If it\'92s not there I will trace my steps back home in order to find my badge, in which case it\'92s normally by the front door. }